well welcome welcome to your mom's house
with Tom Segura Christina the ship's
to your house then happening in hell you
see you what are you talking you talk to
it just because you don't remember it
I'm crazy well I remember fighting
conversation we had the other day that
you just completely spun around which
conversation yeah okay which
conversation I'll tell you which
conversation this fucking conversation
right here okay user I won't start it
all straight telling all three a plan
with my name just go away let's go stop
playing with my fucking name
he's careful do it on camera I plan with
my name and then go right over there
then I go with my name come on respected
his ghost i playing with my fucking name
I'll drill y'all stop playing with my
name hang on said no nope so mmm-hmm
that was intense and when I told you
about that click River user I won't
start this shit I'm here with head I'm
all good but I don't need you yeah me
man I wanted to see you so this is for
people listening obviously we haven't
done a good job of introducing what
they're listening and by the way if
you're just listening to the show you're
really missing out because we're on
YouTube now full episodes and you can
see the clips that you're hearing talk
about a huge improvement in your life
yeah so subscribe to us on YouTube okay
mmm / your mom's house podcast right
youtube.com slash oh oh yeah yep yep
subscribe cuz oh we also have behind the
scenes so are we all finished oh y'all
done yeah go ahead
no that was this is y'all finish y'all
done yeah it is down already huh I won't
start so wait waiting I got a good idea
y'all cause we're kind of not really
heaven so tell everybody what they're
listening to so this is the Birdman
no I saw this on Instagram because I
think Marlon Wayans had posted it and I
just saw some guy getting all pissed and
I saw and I like filed it away and then
you brought it up and I was like who cuz
I didn't know that guy's name was
Birdman Hey
and then you're like Birdman I'm like oh
I don't know who that is and then I
later put the two things together in my
head but you're accusing me of lying and
you're calling me crazy cuz I exponent
yeah I was a sperm can I'm talking to
you yeah
and I explained explain to you in detail
about this and then when we sat down
here and you go you have the Birdman
clip and I go yeah of course you go uh
yeah like I told you about that and I
was like what are you talking about
yeah well I didn't say I told you that I
say I told you about that I did I was
joking
okay I know I know I knew I didn't break
the news to you I just I had seen it is
what I said what I meant rather I was
familiar with the bird man's work okay
who's now pick on my name but he's
practically crying dude he's why so mad
so let's go over for what's going on so
Birdman for those of you that don't know
he is a hip-hop mogul like one of the Oh
Gees from the 90s he started Cash Money
Records he had that you know that whole
wave of guys Mannie Fresh was his
producer juvenile lil Weezy Lil Wayne
that whole crew they sold millions and
millions of Records
yeah he has a net worth well over 100
million dollars cheese and you know he's
just like the rest of the moguls in
hip-hop he has a fashion line he has
liquor line he's you know very sad he's
a writer producer yes very sad be a co
business guy but in recent years he's
gotten a lot of flack for some of his
record contracts the fact that he has
Lil Wayne tied up and won't let him out
of a deal and so people have kind of mmm
really shit on him for that especially
within hip-hop and so what's happening
is that this guy right here Charlemagne
the god he had talked about Birdman
and business practices with a couple
other guests who were hip-hop artists
Trick Daddy and Rick Ross I like Rick
Ross the boss that's right Chelsea
Lately when I was there in you stole his
hats all of that um well Birdman comes
in and he has all this in his head like
you guys have been talking shit you want
you had Rick Ross when you had Trick
Daddy so he comes in right away and is
like need to put some fucking respect on
my name I saw that yeah um and then this
whole thing this was supposed to be an
interview obviously last you know like
less than two minutes oh so he didn't
stick around and they didn't look this
is the whole day now I already got gave
you a little bit of it so yeah here's
how it starts he said that before they
were rolling and then this guy's like
well let's roll let's go let's go you
know special guest in the building you
don't cross this out tell him what don't
get it off your chest very bad I thought
you were joking no no good I I don't
understand angle like what like what
ended already so why come here
I did it already I'm here so was that
yeah I mean it's all good but I'm saying
why I'm here what's happening I'm all
good well then why don't you girls up
got me man I wanted to see you I'm gonna
talk to you and your man in faith
absolutely you understand me I knew a
few places you was that I could have
pulled up but I don't think that with
gangster I wanted to come look in your
face like a man and tell you how I feel
okay you understand me straight up like
a man so it is you should any listen
everyone's answer you won't you'll feel
me I just come to let y'all know stop
put some respect on my name y'all stand
me when y'all saying my name put some
respect on did you respect ya are espec
okay okay put some respect on my name
pull up on Ross that way to trick daddy
now I'm pulling up on you nigga oh but
I'm the radio guy I want to read it God
all that stuff with the radio game I
knew y'all y'all finished y'all down I
don't know token do
he's got a knife mm-hmm he like seven
deep too oh yeah and those nice chains
you should get those away to me okay no
y'all y'all finished y'all done
I ain't got no talkin that's quite a
question though right
what y'all finish y'all done you'll
finish or y'all done are y'all done it's
nonsense
he's given them the same option sure
right are you finished
or are we all done yeah then either way
there's no win yeah yeah I'd say don't
pay the guy up that has tattoos I'm
ready right you ready oh you want to go
hey he's got a lot of time yeah would
you piss that guy teardrop story yeah
he's got a fuckin oil field tattooed on
the other side of his head really oil
coming out of the way yeah now my
question is though if you're just gonna
come in and be angry why go in why go in
at all I think for him that was him
making his point his point was I am
gonna show up like he misled them and
said oh yeah I want to do an interview
and talk and then they really wanted to
do was show up and go put some respect
on my name put some respect don't talk
shit about me sure you know Wow
yeah that's a crazy move dude yeah or
you could just say I don't want to do
your show but that's not I mean no and
they don't really understand how serious
you are yeah I think on some level a lot
of people made a lot of jokes about this
like we've been making jokes about too
but on some level those guys in that
studio feel how serious yeah he is I
felt it yeah I got scared for a minute
there I was like oh sure sure they're
much more scared in the actual I don't
know if it's in this pre-roll in the
before they mmm G when he comes in here
he's like stop fucking doing this shit
you can see the girl who's part of the
show and she her eyes dart around like
what yeah cuz he's bringing in all his
dudes like you don't know what's gonna
happen oh yeah she knows that this is no
good you could tell luckily she's
Minister fights warning everybody
she's yeah she's like she's been around
some shit she's working the station long
enough yeah she's seen some fight where
the fuck is that god damn it
this thing fucking sucks press pause
mommy no y'all read user I'm gonna start
this shit off straight telling Oh Bri
mm-hmm delete any big words in the
studio there all right nah yeah grand
opening grand closing
there you have it are we good we good
yeah yeah yeah what about on my notes we
good yeah you know what's funny though
as like all the black people I follow on
Instagram they're all lighting up this
guy yeah of course like Tamara posted
some funny shit like some ream everybody
did yeah clowning on him yeah I mean I
guess she's just had he had his feelings
hurt huh yeah but he can't go in there
and be like guys my feelings are hurt no
no you can't well he kind of said that
I'm tell you now how I'm feeling right
now you know
yes respect on my name he say he says
he's gonna pick on my name his voice
quiver my money
he also took off and then put back on
his sunglasses like four times he's
really upset yeah yeah yeah yeah it's
sad their minds me a pop3 deal yeah yeah
listen respect on my name know your name
you can you can hear the quivering yeah
area poor guy well he really got fired
up huh he really did man
um damn poor guy
poor bird man yeah man I like to know I
like to know his feelings are hurt like
that I want to give a hug
I bet uh I bet lo Lane had a good laugh
about that oh is Lil Wayne like on his
label or whatever yeah memory I just
told you all about that mm I forget all
the names you rattle long I mean I heard
y'all y'all finish all y'all done y'all
finish is it are you shirts or all you
all done yeah yeah y'all finish or is it
y'all finish y'all done y'all y'all
finish are y'all done yeah or yeah he
says or yeah yo some respect on my name
cuz I respect on my name yeah all the
day respect
spec yeah it's awesome that is a good
one
so glad I brought that to your attention